Small clarification for default's service.name for exporters. (#1386)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk_exporters/jaeger.md

Critically, Jaeger backend depends on `Span.Process.ServiceName` to identify the service
that produced the spans. That field MUST be populated from the `service.name` attribute
of the [`service` resource](../../resource/semantic_conventions/README.md#service).

> If no `service.name` was specified, that field MUST be populated from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no `service.name` is contained in a Span's Resource, that field MUST be populated from the
```
